vienna minor sea
not in vain
the mayor
each trip
that year of constitutional life
that we are that young man
who is relaxing
a delight
with a way to be provincial but its greatness for its works for its development
for your citizen security that you read now as best as you have any
important chair of the country
we wait
long ago
maybe in the year 65
the first step that gave chimbote management was Catalan eliseo
an artisan fisherman beloved villa maría
with his family
when all this in a non-working arena and here
It was an earthquake of 70
ramos two days ago
that also fueled migration
of neighbors of chimbote why they dean this land
a place of promise
14 years of constitutional life
we not only count
proudly as our hymn says
It was the biggest square in the country but we also have the richest
What is it
their people
your people that in a joint way
has worked
with confidence in their authorities
to continue to grow in how well developed urban
we will accept
near
a month
to inaugurate two great majestic works
as well as the previous management was the main square
the important work of this management will be the sports centers
things like that
television of all types of public
17 2011
in case of need for guarantees and independent
in combat